Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by biologists where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media and we love our neighbors.
Today's show is going to be another guess who and when.
We're going to start out with that right away.
And then we'll do frontline from 2015, which I think is very instructive for understanding where we are.
as seen on a 10-year time horizon, and I think that's the best way to start trying to envision how this was pulled on us.
It is a 10-year theater, if not 20, but the recent theater and the recent cast were thrown in front of us repeatedly on a 10-year time frame on these same issues, with these same questions,
and these same debate points with no progress in between those 10 year, in that 10 year time frame.
That's not possible.
The only way that that is possible is because of, yeah, the steak knives aren't very sharp.
And they, they tend not to cut, it's a long shipping time.
So don't get too excited about the steak knives.
And then clean up in aisle four.
I mean,
It's only getting worse, and it's exactly how I predicted it.
Unfortunately, I saw it very late.
But the extent to which Bret Weinstein and these people represent a trap...
Is now just really extraordinary to me.
So that's what we're gonna do today.
Thanks very much for joining me.
Thanks for being here I'm gonna try and do it as quick as I can and get done In two hours from now because that is when I need to be in the car and on my way to the gym Thanks for being here again, and I will see you again shortly.
I think what I want is this one And then I want this one
Look at this.
I'm starting to get better at it.
I Think I think that's what I wanted.
Yes Great
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
We've got to be a little serious here.
I don't like to take it that way.
I'd like to have some music over this, but I think it's a little more important to point out exactly
what we've been trying to say one time to try and make it very clear.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
What we are suggesting is that Fifth Generation Warfare consists of a long-time horizon theater, a national security theater where actors are scripted on a need-to-know basis and they span both sides of this ridiculous argument about the biology of immunizations and public health and pandemics.
This is a
It's a very crucial thing to understand.
We are suggesting that in order to understand what happened, you have to see when Tulsi Gabbard was inserted and how.
Very similar to how Pete Buttigieg was inserted into the time
What is that?
The timeline and how, how all of these people arrived on stage and how they were recruited, absorbed by, or specifically put in place in order to play the role that they're playing cannot be underestimated.
Their connections go back decades.
And that's the problem.
If you are working with people that you've known for more than 20 years, then you can trust them in a way that otherwise you could never trust somebody else.
And that's the real important thing to understand here is that we're dealing with a network of people that trusts one another very much.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
And so if you understand this, then you understand why this is really important.
a lonely quest by a solitary genius, isolated from the world, frantically scribbling equations on a scrap of paper, and then shouting eureka and running out onto the street to tell the world about the discovery.
There is no question that phenomena like that happened in the history of science.
But in truth,
Things that make a difference in the real world have features which are kind of hard to make a good movie out of.
The new strain of coronavirus was first detected in Wuhan City, China over a month ago.
There are now more than 220 confirmed cases.
We don't quite know how serious the disease is, how it's going to spread.
Now there are reports of human-to-human transmission.
So when was this video made and produced?
What video, what is this a teaser for?
It's kind of confusing, right?
It's like hard to tell what time period did this come from?
Again, the reason why it's starting to become hard to discern where have these videos come from in the timeframe is because all the actors are the same.
All the arguments are the same.
All the framing is the same.
It's almost like, wait, how the hell did I step out of the time machine at the wrong place?
What's going on?
times more lethal than the seasonal flu.
World Health Organization hit the alarm button, declaring coronavirus a pandemic.
We have rang the alarm bell loud and clear.
We instantaneously understood that mRNA had really high potential
I saw that mRNA is a technology which could be adaptable to our vision to develop vaccines.
Back then they were playing with all sorts of different technologies.
As soon as I got that vial, bang, everything worked.
I'm sorry, what?
As soon as I got that vial, bang, everything worked?
What's that guy doing in the same video as those other people?
What the hell is going on here?
So then we thought, well, this is interesting.
Perhaps we can find ways of delivering the drugs.
And of course, immediately I offered him that I will make that RNA for you.
And that's how we started.
A lot of people were very skeptical about that.
You know, they didn't think it would work.
I saw that mRNA is a technology which could be adaptable to our vision to develop vaccines.
Back then they were playing with all sorts of different technologies.
mRNA is a technology?
I kind of thought it was this natural thing that was in all of our cells.
And so mRNA is now a technology?
Is that because of the M1 methyl, N1 methyl pseudouridine?
Is it M1 methyl?
I don't know anymore.
It's so ridiculous.
It's so ridiculous that that guy, Robert Malone, the guy behind Meryl Nass and CHD and Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for the last probably decade or more, scripting their ridiculous narrative about a big top tent of health freedom.
These people are frauds and they are frauds that were very specifically put in place to trap anybody that would question a narrative.
Anybody that would question the narrative.
And so it's very questionable at this point what's being covered up and what isn't.
What I know for sure is that a trap was set for people who wouldn't believe what they were told to believe.
And that trap was executed.
It was a net that was trolling for like 10 years, catching all the people who would question what they are told and put them into all one basket with Mary Holland and Brian Hooker and Del Bigtree and Aaron Seery and all of these clowns.
I know it with my bones.
As soon as I got that vial, bang, everything worked.
So then we thought, well, this is interesting.
Perhaps we can find ways of delivering the drugs.
And of course, immediately I offered him that I will make that RNA.
It's almost like Robert Malone made it work, and then Peter Cullis made it work, and then she said, well, I can make the mRNA, and then they did it.
It's almost like magic.
All these people are now in the same freaking film?
Are you kidding me?
This is 2025, ladies and gentlemen.
2025, the film's coming out.
All four of those people are on the front of this poster.
And that's how we started.
A lot of people were very skeptical about that.
You know, they didn't think it would work.
They take that technology, tweak it a little bit to make it work in the COVID vaccines.
They take that technology and tweak it a little bit to make it work in the COVID technologies.
It's, it's remarkable.
Why is that not working?
Talk to me, Goose.
There we go.
The aim was very clear, to develop a vaccine as fast as possible.
The genetic COVID vaccines, they're not working.
The Messenger.
It's the name of the movie.
It's coming out with all of those four people on the front.
The story of MRNA, are you kidding me?
I don't care how many people watch it, the existence of that movie alone reveals that this is a multinational military operation and the vast majority of that military might is focused on controlling the narrative.
The questions that people ask, the arguments that people have,
and the myths that people propagate.
That's what this is.
And that's why I know, I know that these people are national security actors.
They don't deserve our respect.
They deserve our scorn.
They should be removed from power.
They should not receive any more quarter million dollar a year salaries from any more nonprofits that shouldn't exist.
Those are probably nonprofits that are being protected by and funded by the government and pharma.
That's why Children's Health Defense doesn't tell you where they get their money.
And I have 96 subscribers.
That's the reason.
Because they are part of this national security script that spans nations probably loosely orchestrated around NATO and the State Department.
I'm almost sure of it.
but it doesn't really matter.
What matters is, is that the pandemic didn't happen as they said.
There's a population pyramid that explains what happened.
There's a loss of control of pneumonia that explains what happened.
There's a great decrease in the use of antibiotics across the Western world that explains it.
And there is this motivation, of course, to manage that population pyramid that potentially explains it.
There's nothing else needed.
But then of course there's this really inconvenient, I don't know, half a million, 600,000, are we up to 750,000 Americans killed by opioids in the last six years yet?
Maybe it's higher.
And we just don't talk about that.
And think about that, even if it's like half as many people killed by drugs on the street as by a virus that we couldn't contain, it's still a pretty big fricking problem, isn't it?
Apparently not.
I don't know what to say, ladies and gentlemen, but I think we have them.
I think we have them.
I think it's visible.
I think the same little Hollywood narrative network that was recruited and used after 9-11 was built upon and perfected and honed as a weapon.
until 2015 when they started putting in place this anti-vax movement and really trying to gain control of this narrative so that it could be effectively under control at the start of the pandemic.
So I'm talking about 2015 now being a time when they decided that, okay, they had to go.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
They had to go all in.
Don't use Tylenol.
Don't take Tylenol.
Fight like hell not to take it.
I think you shouldn't take it.
Don't take Tylenol.
The baby goes, gets a shot.
They say, here, take a cup of Tylenol.
I've heard that for years.
Take Tylenol.
So this is just a small example, the Jimmy Kimmel thing, the Kimmy Jimmel thing, is just a small example of what they can accomplish.
With social media because everybody goes along with the lemming, you know wave this way wave that way He was fired.
He's back on it's not that much different than what everybody that was Supposedly censored during the beginning of the pandemic, you know, then they went to gab then they went to locals I lost my youtube subscribers, whatever that was also an orchestrated way an orchestrated way to steer people to those people and
to give them the air of credibility that, oh, well, they're censored.
They must be telling the truth.
And that was also something that they pushed themselves.
And so, like I said, these people are kind of like cat herders.
And the more cats they herd, the more successful they are to their bosses.
And at the top of these pyramids of cat herders are these chief cat herders, like Steve Bannon, like, I guess, like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
But there are more.
Del Bigtree played that role.
And then as we went into COVID, of course, they needed a lot more cat herders to contain this, this not movement.
It's not a movement.
That's why they needed so many people on the internet that appealed to so many different people.
Old men with glasses, old men that were bald, old men with beards.
women with scratchy voices, muscle heads that are bald and smoke pipes or cigars, and I don't know, Canadians that sit in fancy suits with their legs crossed and talk about responsibility.
They came up with this theater, this Lollapalooza of liars that were all scripted and designed to troll the internet for people who didn't believe what they were told.
and bring them together under this conservative resistance, whatever, we can't separate them.
They're trying to separate us and break up the movement, that kind of shit.
And it was all an illusion.
Meryl Nass has been involved for 20 years under the tutelage of Robert Malone, under the tutelage of Steve Hatfill.
They go back a long ways.
That's why on the Tommy podcast, when both Robert Malone and Steve Hadfield were on there talking about, you know, who got vetted for what, you know, U.S.
Emirate and DITRA and whatever, and who sleeps on whose couch, they just happened to mention Meryl Nass.
And Steven Hadfield just happened to say, oh, I don't like her.
As if that wasn't scripted.
but it's an admission because it's an admission that Steve Hatfield knows who the hell she is.
And that is impossible to explain because again, unless you know that Steve Hatfield, you know, the guy who told us that Barney the dinosaur should mask up and that we should wear a rubber apron when we treat our sick kids in 2020, that guy was the original suspect of the anthrax bombing after 9-11.
You know, the bioterrorist attack, the terror attack that would have been
The one that Mark has done such a good job of laying out some alternative ideas on that nobody seemed to stumble on, despite how amazingly obvious it is.
Once we started looking in the right place, it's like, whoops, all these weird things line up.
Isn't that strange?
And there's not just a few, ladies and gentlemen, these are scripted actors.
We've been bamboozled because they've been scripted for so long.
You know, the measles thing in Samoa and all that stuff is not just history with a big H. It's history with a little H. Or no, it's the other way around.
It's not history with a little H. It's history with a big H and a trademark.
birds chirping
He's an evolutionary biologist turned celebrity atheist.
He's sold millions of books since he published The Selfish Gene in 1976, and his last big hit was The God Delusion, which came out in 2004.
But after all that best-selling success, do people buy into his brand of anti-religious belief?
Do they agree with him that religion amounts to a pernicious virus?
To find out, I've come to St Paul's Cathedral to survey a random flock.
Well, I can see where he's coming from, but however, I think that religion, although it does have some bits that I think it could lose, it gives people a purpose to keep going.
And I think now, if you look at what's happening particularly in the Middle East now, a lot of it is religion-bound.
I'm afraid, I was brought up as a Catholic, but I'm afraid I've got very little time for that as well now.
You're thoroughly lapsed.
I have pretty thoroughly lapsed, yes.
Do you believe in God?
Yeah.
Enough to go to one of these places every once in a while?
Well, every once in a while, but I wouldn't say I was a Christian.
What would you say you were?
Festive at Christmas.
OK.
He still wouldn't like you.
Fanatical religion is a virus, potentially, but religion in itself has a lot of good things about it.
Such as?
believing there's a greater purpose, life after death, those kind of things that make us feel warm.
I just want to be kind of introspective on this.
This is more than 10 years ago.
This is around 2015 as well.
It might be a little earlier than that.
And I want to be a little, just let's be biologically objective here.
Religion is a virus, meaning that some ideas, apparently,
are so catchy that we can't really control their effect and they can actually become endemic.
Essentially, they just come and we can't get rid of them.
They just are here and we're stuck with them.
Now I want you to see that that's the actual biological analogy that these people are engaging with when he asks them, you know, this certain dude says that religion is a pernicious virus, what do you think about that?
So it's the implication of the question, the presuppositions of the question include viral spread.
And the only question is whether or not religion is also kind of like that, you know, just a pain in the ass,
molecule of thought that, if it has the right fear and cleavage sites, or the right HIV inserts, or I guess the right book, or the right phrases, or the right psalms, or the right verses, that, you know, we're just screwed.
Holy shit, never write those down again, but they wrote them down thousands of years ago, and now we're stuck with them.
That is the actual implication here.
Just keep that in mind.
...warm and fuzzy inside, but... What if it's a load of rubbish?
No one can prove that.
Do you have faith yourself?
Uh... Is there someone upstairs?
Yes.
Richard Dawkins, you've talked a lot... See, so the idea is, is that religion couldn't be a good idea.
Religion couldn't be good philosophy.
Religion couldn't be useful philosophy.
It is philosophy that is so pernicious that it goes viral so nasty so Out of our control because it's just they're so enticing these ideas are so enticing You know the I guess the 88 virgin myth is so enticing that people just can't help but blow themselves up It must be that right?
And that's the remarkable assumption about this discussion, that religion exists despite its uselessness, despite it doing no good.
It just always happens that when we find these people in the forest, they believe something about their world besides a phylogeny about trees and some story about ecosystems and food webs.
Like what in the world?
Are we talking about here when we talk like this?
Because that is suggesting that the philosophies behind religion and the exploration of these, I don't know what you want to call them, schools of thought, are all just, again, random things that are just there because we think and we say words and we put words together and sometimes those words, you know, they're so nice together that they just stick around.
It's so stupid!
in terms of religion being a pernicious virus.
When you talk in those sort of emotional, quite visceral terms, are you doing that to sort of raise hackles and therefore heighten the debate, do you think?
I don't think I've talked a lot about it being pernicious.
I'm not even sure I ever used the word pernicious.
But virus is a word you've definitely used.
Certainly virus.
And the point there is really not the pernicious aspect, although I actually think it is pernicious.
The point there is that it's infectious.
It's something that grips the mind in the same way as a virus, a conventional virus grips the body, in that it takes control
and it does so, the better to propagate itself.
But in choosing words like that, or on occasion, I've read that you've said you despise organized religion.
You know, the moment that you don't have a preacher that can sell it, it's over.
If you just drop Bibles out of airplanes, they don't just convert the country that you drop them in because they're so convincing.
You know, because the word of God is so convincing that if you drop it on people and they read it, well, it's done.
There's my work is done.
You read six pages of the Bible, you're done.
It's over.
As long as you read the right pages, maybe, I don't know, maybe you can make cliff notes of it and then it'll be that powerful.
No, not at all.
It's not at all like that.
It's much more complicated than that.
and yet they want to distill it down to a virus.
It's something that, you know, if we just could pull our heads out and inoculate everybody against it, religion would disappear.
The need to know would disappear.
The obvious nature of the irreducible complexity of our world would just disappear once you inoculated everybody against this dumb idea of religion, as if religion even means anything as a word.
with this guy who has just as much faith in the chemical and physical laws of the universe being able to explain his existence as a person who has faith that there is a creator behind it.
The exact same amount of faith is necessary.
It's just that he's tricked himself into believing that the data or the observations that he's made are evidence of something that they are not.
And I suspect it's because he's not sophisticated enough to read into a lot of the details of these biological myths, and has accepted them on their face.
Like, you know, the central dogma, DNA goes to RNA goes to protein, is something that he would say means that evolution is real.
And the fact of the matter is, because he said yes, virus for sure, probably means already back then, at this time, he was already on this script, where he needed to convince people that viruses can go around the world, viruses can do stuff all by themselves, they hijack the system for their own benefit, is what he just said.
A disbelief, actually.
They're very emotive terms for someone from an academic background.
Are you doing that because you feel it's in the interest?
I don't actually think it is pernicious.
The point there is that it's infectious.
In the debate, do you think?
I don't think I've talked a lot about it being pernicious.
I'm not even sure I ever used the word pernicious.
But virus is a word you've definitely used.
Certainly virus.
And the point there is really not the pernicious aspect, although I actually think it is pernicious.
The point there is that it's infectious.
It's something that grips the mind in the same way as a virus, a conventional virus grips the body, in that it takes control and it does so the better to propagate itself.
But in choosing words like that- I mean, that is just absurd.
It's so absurd.
It's like, really?
Wow.
Or on occasion, I've read that you've said you despise organized religion or religious belief, actually.
They're very emotive terms for someone from an academic background.
Are you doing that because you feel it's in the interest of the cause that you're pursuing, that debate is quite highly charged?
I wonder if they're as emotive as you think they are.
I suspect that because we've all been brought up with this sort of culture of respecting religion, that anything comparatively mild sounds more... Have we been brought up in a culture that respects religion?
Is that what it is?
Because see, again, he's trying to make it seem as though the culture itself didn't have religion or that religion wasn't a universal thing only a short while ago.
That's kind of, for me, where this all starts.
The idea of not being that religious when I was a kid didn't mean you didn't believe in God.
It just meant you kind of didn't go to church and maybe your relationship with God was private.
You know, maybe you were one of these people that only prayed when it when it was really, you know, scary and you only did it alone.
I don't know.
But he's talking as though, you know, our society assumes that there's no God and we just kind of respect religion.
But actually, that's not the case at all.
He's from a society where there is a state religion.
So by definition in the UK, God exists.
And so it's strange because
The way that he speaks about it is, I believe, out of two sides of his mouth.
And it feels very dishonest, like a very rehearsed, it's like a rehearsed enchantment.
Or outspoken than it really is.
Do you really despise religious belief?
I despise people who believe something without evidence and then go out and take action, which damages other people.
Wow.
So what about if you, like, for example, said that DNA proves evolution and therefore it's okay to take control of the evolution of the species and, you know, lie to people to govern them?
Would that qualify as people who have faith in something with no evidence really to back it up?
Because since we've sequenced the genome in 2000 or 2005 or whenever it was, Francis Collins announced it for the sixth time, we still haven't really made the progress they said.
And the reason why is because the central dogma has turned out to be largely an exaggeration.
Are there proteins that appear to be coded in DNA?
Yes.
Are there RNA transcripts that appear to be transcribed into, sorry, translated into proteins?
Yes, that appears to be true.
But does RNA go back into the nucleus?
Do ribosomes exist inside of mitochondria?
Yes, they do.
Do mitochondria have their own genome?
So what do we really know about the trajectory across time of our development into an adult and then our sort of homeostasis through adulthood?
And it's not really even homeostasis because we change throughout adulthood.
Older men are built differently than younger men because there's a continuum
growing that happens.
And it's because of, you know, you use it or you lose it, but also you can get more, et cetera, et cetera, what you ate.
What's happening there?
Where is that coded in the genome?
Of course, we have no idea.
Our assumption is, is that the laws of chemistry and physics plus proteins jiggling around in a electromagnetic soup of water molecules is a sufficient set of laws
to cause the self-assembly of proteins into all the cell types and tissues and systems that we are dependent on and call ourselves.
And we're supposed to just assume that that's gonna eventually all be true.
Assume that it's eventually all gonna be true because it appears as though some sequences in DNA encode for the RNA that can be translated into the proteins.
You see how ridiculous it is?
How much more they have to explain?
Nevermind the fact that we're still not talking about the immune system relative to the microbiome that is an essential part of what and who we are.
It's just remarkable to me that these ideas all go back to a time when people on faith
Assumed that we found DNA and therefore we were about to have all the rules of life and That's why all those Manhattan scientists Manhattan project scientists went into biology and started studying bacteria and bacteriophages the simplest expression of DNA and they thought they were going to be able to discern the basic meanings or the basic workings of life and inheritance and heredity and evolution at that scale and they failed and
These men failed.
They found out a lot.
They've created a lot of useful tools.
I mean, there's no question that something like antibody phage display is a very useful tool.
but instead now we're told stories about animal viruses, animal viruses, and we're told myths about how religion is just like an animal virus and it hijacks your cells and it works for its own spreading.
And it's just absurd, it's absurd.
Yes.
So I despise people whose belief in religion is so firm and so unshakable that they actually think it justifies killing people.
And there are, of course, many people like that.
But your average devout worshipper who's sitting in a pew of a Sunday morning, you clearly don't despise them.
No, of course I don't.
No.
What are your feelings towards them?
Well, I mean, they're harmless, especially Church of England.
I mean, they're harmless.
I don't have strong feelings one way or the other.
No, of course I don't despise them.
Here's the thing, I am an agnostic.
I have thought about the tenets certainly of Christian belief.
And as far as believing in God is concerned, sort of found them wanting, or myself unable to be convinced.
But I still think, I can't possibly know whether God exists or not anymore.
I mean, am I being sort of, what's the word?
Oh, you know, weak-willed, guilty of not having the courage of my convictions.
No, I mean, I'm an agnostic too in that sense.
In The God Delusion, I made a seven point scale.
One was total conviction that there is a God, and seven is total conviction that there isn't.
And I put myself as a six.
And so this is him representing himself as a scientist because no scientist knows for sure.
You could never know anything for sure.
So I'm not a seven, but I'm a six.
And so you'll hear him in a second say that he would also be a six about fairies and werewolves, but of course that's just dumb.
That whole idea that fairies or leprechauns are the same as, as a, I don't know what, a higher intelligence,
that could be responsible for the absolutely absurdly unlikely existence of all that we see around us and its incredible interwovenness.
Again, the whole assumption here, remember, is that a lightning bolt in a mud puddle and then chemistry and physics for billions of years resulted in what we have on Earth.
Listen to that very carefully, because I used to accept that as a very beautiful idea.
I now see it as kind of absurd.
But it is a rock, a certain distance from a star, so that water can be liquid.
And then that cycle repeats over and over again, where some of the water becomes solid and liquid and solid and liquid, and it can also be a gas in the air.
which is a huge amount of water content.
This atmosphere and water on the earth then circulated around, orbited around this sun at this distance with these, with this cyclic nature for so long that this is the result, that all of the beauty around us is the result.
You know, it's just kind of like you waited long enough on the beach and before you know it,
There it was, like a whole, I don't know, Lego train set.
And it covers the whole beach and it's just trains everywhere and Legos everywhere.
You just waited long enough and there it is.
That's the laws of the universe did that.
Except it's not a Lego train set made of plastic with some little motors in it.
It's insects, and angiosperms, and fungi, and all of the mammals on Earth, all of the life in the oceans, all the birds.
all the reptiles, the tree frogs, it's all of that stuff.
And just because all of those things have DNA and that DNA codes for proteins, these people are assuming that physics and chemistry can explain everything.
That there are no emergent properties, that there are no emergent properties of emergent properties.
because bacteria and fungi and all these things all have DNA.
That's it.
And everything else is just assumed to be going to fall into place.
We are just not sophisticated enough, haven't done the experiments yet, but it's all gonna fall into place.
Yet all of these things that they describe as having evolved from that rock with water on it, all of these things, all of these things,
are here just because of that rock and just because of that star.
It's nothing else.
And so that is much more extraordinary than just waiting on a beach and hoping that eventually there's going to be Lego trains there or Swiss watches or even Nike shoes.
And if Nike shoes did appear on the beach, you wouldn't think that that was the result of, you know, the seasons and the tides.
And at some point we're gonna have to accept the fact that these people have as much faith in the idea that chemistry and physics can explain everything as the people who believe that there is a creator.
And in some ways there's a lot less assumption there.
And certainly there's a lot more reverence.
because in his model of the world, where it is just a rock, a good handy distance from a certain size star and a billion or so, four billion or so years, is that that requires so much perfection.
Imagine that
Just try to imagine it because it's molecules being in the right place at the right time consistently for four billion years.
It's a lot of very good designs that for whatever reason never made it.
In fact, I think that if you did a little simple computer simulation with the rules of evolution that him and Brett Weinstein believe in, there would have been, had to have been, so many magnificent random mutations that we've never actually managed to stick around that it wouldn't even make sense.
The parameter space must be extraordinary that evolution has explored.
Think about how stupid that is.
It also means, of course, that, you know, we could have had intelligent dinosaurs that were skateboarding, but instead we wound up with intelligent apes.
It's all this kind of stuff that this guy believes because DNA.
That's where we are.
And he can sound as condescending as he wants to, but he has as much faith as them.
because he doesn't even understand the limits of his own understanding.
That's the remarkable thing about it.
He is certain about a lot more things than he's willing to admit.
Okay, so that's kind of agnostic, but veering towards atheists.
And I would be a six with respect to fairies and pixies and werewolves and things like that.
But there are people who will say, because they're agnostic,
That puts them absolutely right in the middle.
The probability of there being a God and there not being a God is exactly 50-50.
And that, I think, is the wrong sort of agnostic to be, because I think you can sort of put a probability figure on it.
No, you really can't.
And if you did put a probability figure on it, you would have said that Max Delbruck and Joshua Lederberg and Leo Szilard and all those guys were going to figure it out.
You would have thought that by the time these
The essays that make up this book were actually out that they would already know all the rules.
But they didn't.
They couldn't figure them out.
For shit's sake, there is a book on my shelf that is titled The Bacteriophage Lambda.
A whole book.
It's as big as the prion disease book.
But it's irrelevant biology.
It's irrelevant that all of these Manhattan Project scientists studied their whole lives, and they didn't crack the puzzle, and that's no big deal.
It's the most important overlooked aspect of our biological and scientific history, this weird transition from the we're going to solve it all in about 10 years
let's get to it, roll up our sleeves, and then really, it's just.
You can say, well, I think a God is very unlikely, but I can't actually disprove it.
So I'm not a seven, I'm a 6.5 or something like that.
And that's where I would put myself.
What about the fact that religion in terms of its institutional influence,
persists.
How much does that irritate you?
It's weird that those countries that have the trappings of theocracy remaining, like Britain, because we have bishops in the House of Lords and we have lots and lots of faith schools and the Queen is the head of the Church of England.
It's an odd thing that those countries, like Britain, like the Scandinavian countries, which have an established church, seem to be the least religious.
And a country like America, which has written into its constitution the separation between church and state, a wall of separation, as Jefferson called it, is one of the most religious countries, the most religious country in the Western world.
So there's an odd negative correlation with what you might naively expect.
How do you explain that, do you think?
Well, various explanations have been offered.
I mean, one explanation is that in a country like Britain, where religion is part of the establishment, it's become sort of boring.
Whereas in America, where there's a wall of separation, religion has become free enterprise.
And so you have many churches with their own television stations, their own creches to look after the children, their own gyms.
They've become huge commercial enterprises.
tax-free, by the way, which helps, with the televangelists having private Lear jets to jet around in and fleets of posh cars and things.
It's not team biscuits.
It's a very, very big business religion in America, whereas in Britain, it's become... So what I find funny is that nobody... I never thought of it until very recently, but it is strange that these Christian preachers that we know are fake
These giant preachers.
I had an experience with one at Willow Creek in in The Chicagoland area Bill Hybels was his name.
He's absolutely a fraud there's a guy in Texas who I'm who has some fame because he had like a He has like a big stadium.
I don't know and he didn't offer it to the
to the hurricane victims or something like that.
I can't remember that guy's story but I have a friend who actually went down to Texas to meet that guy and paid money to like shake his hand and then the guy was a total like obviously a zero right like
These people are absolute frauds, and so the idea that they have jets and they have these big churches is not by accident.
It's not because, oh, they're just so good at selling.
It's because they are, in my humble opinion, probably government-supported.
They are probably enabled by dark sources of money.
That's what gives them the jets.
That's what gives them this huge presence.
And then that's what allows them to do the things that they do with the huge staff and whatever.
It's not because of the power of God.
I'm sorry.
I know this is a very risky thing to say, but I,
I fooled around with being a member of an evangelical church when I was in college and this is Willow Creek in Illinois and I went so far as to be on stage and supposedly being baptized by this Bill Heibel and he wouldn't even touch my forehead.
I knew what I was looking at while I was on stage.
I knew on stage, it was the most religious experience I've ever had in my life as a Catholic kid on stage at Willow Creek Church when I knew for sure 100% that it was, was Bill Heibel was a liar, like completely a fraud.
And it's sad.
I just feel like I have to say it.
And I will say it until the day I die.
I know for sure that that's what I was shown or saw.
And he did not touch my forehead.
He did not touch me at all.
And I think
The only thing I know for sure is that he looked me right in the eye and I looked him right back without blinking.
So what I'm trying to suggest to you is, is that America has been under attack for some time and that a lot of this stuff that he's even talking about now with these preachers and how it's gone crazy in America is by design.
And where are we now, 10 years later?
We're talking about the American nationalist Christian movement, right?
The Christian nationalist movement and they're terrorists.
That's by design.
Thoughts are boring and people don't really take it very seriously one way or the other.
Politics is very reluctant to go anywhere near this.
I mean, in terms of the solutions to some of what you're talking about, the only place we can look is to politics.
The state has to act.
Perhaps things have to be legislated for.
And yet, I mean, there was a hell of a fuss when Ed Miliband recently said he was an atheist.
There's a source of, it goes back to what you said before, I think, about not offending.
Don't forget that Dawkins was on stage with Brett Weinstein in 2015, debating evolution.
And some people will play clips where Brett Weinstein supposedly kills him, you know, wastes him with his big theories.
And in others where Dawkins can't stand and dunks on Brett Weinstein.
And that actually is now, of course, being promoted by Pangburn.
the same people who put Dan Wilson, Dan Farina, or Dave Farina, Pierre Cory, and Steve Kirsch on stage together like a week ago.
And of course, I don't know if you missed it or not, but on Piers Morgan on X and wherever else Piers Morgan is, Piers Morgan had Brett Weinstein on just a couple of days ago about the mRNA shot, followed by Dave Farina,
Professor Dave explains the guy who was just on stage dunking on Corey and Kirsch for an hour with Dan Wilson.
So if you can't see that this is all one theater with various actors on both sides of a ridiculous narrative,
I think this show isn't for you.
This show isn't for everyone.
It's for anyone that wants to see the truth, but it's not for everyone because it is hard to see the script on a 10-year timeline or a 10-year time horizon.
It's hard to even think that way.
Some people might not even want to try.
And then I suppose my question, given the amount of energy you expend on this issue, how you aim to get over that?
Because it does stand in the way of society achieving the sort of shape that someone like you would like it to achieve.
Yes, and my colleague Dan Dennett coined the phrase belief in belief.
Lots and lots of people are not religious themselves, but they've got a vague idea it's a good thing that other people are.
It's very patronizing and condescending, by the way.
It's sort of the attitude, well, you and I, of course, are too intelligent to be religious, but the common people need it.
And there are a lot of people who actually think that.
A lot of people think that we need religion in order to be moral.
There are a lot of people who think that... What if I just said you need humility in order to be moral?
Humility in the face of future generations, humility in the face of our children, and humility in the face of our grandchildren.
And what we owe them in terms of the world that they will inherit, what we should be trying to build for them.
What about that?
If you took religion away, people would start, you know, rushing around, smashing shop windows and robbing and raping and things like that.
No evidence for that whatever.
I mean, absolutely none.
So I think one important thing we've got to do is to prise apart religion from morality.
It's absolute nonsense to say that you need religion in order to be moral.
And so I think that would be one major step we could take.
You don't need to send your child to a faith school in order to instill in that child
a sense of morality, a sense of good citizenship.
A sense of morality and a sense of good citizenship is still not choosing the right words.
It's really about humility, in my humble opinion.
It's really about humility in the face of the unknown and the irreducibly complex, and the short period of time that we are on Earth to try and interact with it.
It's just now more and more clear to me as a 53 year old man and a father of three kids that we are on the earth for way too little time to have believed the things that we believe and been certain about the things we are certain about.
The only reason why we are so certain about those things are the same reason why religious fanatics are so certain about what they are certain about.
And so at the heart of this is a humility.
Religious fanaticism is not humility.
And I think that until people start speaking with the right terms, talking in the right ways, then they are still going to be perpetuating the direction that this awful cruise ship is going.
And they won't be doing anything meaningful to change it.
For whatever reason, even in a secular country like this, we have arrived at a point where there's a sort of latent belief within the popular consciousness that to be scientific is to somehow be sort of desiccated and dry and to miss out on the magic and mystery of one's experiences and the world and so on.
You dispute that, right?
Not only dispute it.
I mean, it's just the exact opposite of the truth.
Science is wonderful.
Science is amazing.
The fact that you could understand why you exist.
Who could not be turned on?
Who could not be excited by that?
Who would ever want to live in the world?
I don't know why that happened.
I have to get out of there and play this again.
I think it's probably because I paused it or maybe I had this timed wrong.
Let me just set the animations different here.
Put it on click and then I will restart this and play the end of it.
It's a very, very big business, religion in America, whereas in Britain, to say that you need religion in order to be moral.
And so I think that's not only disputed.
I mean, it's just the exact opposite of the truth.
Science is wonderful.
Science is amazing.
The fact that you could understand why you exist, who could not be turned on, who could not be excited by that, who would ever want to live in a world where you live your life, you go to work, you go to the office, whatever it is, you go to the football match, and this goes on year after year, and then you die.
and you don't have any understanding of why you were there in the first place.
That's desiccated, that's dry.
What is not dry and desiccated is coming into the world as it were awakening in the world and awakening in the fullest sense of seeing the universe, seeing the stars, seeing down a microscope, seeing what's inside every single cell, seeing what's inside the brain and marveling
at this wonderful gift of life that we have, albeit temporally, marveling at this gift of understanding why we exist and rejoicing in it for as long as we do exist.
See, that's the funny thing is, why do we exist then?
Because chemistry and physics and the rock was a certain distance from the sun and stayed there for a billion years, pretty steady.
I mean, that's right, there's enough water, there were some other minerals, and then sunshine and rain and sunshine and rain for a billion years, round and round, and now we're here?
And that gave us purpose, that gives us understanding?
Do you see?
Do you see how remarkably vapid it is?
He's full of shit.
He's representing it as though all the answers are right there and it's not.
All the assumptions are right there because his assumption is evolution is real because they found DNA.
That means that chemistry and physics can explain everything, and that's why we're here.
We're just really lucky that this particular rock had as much water on it as it had, and was just the right distance from the star that it orbits that we're able to have a shitload of liquid water that's pretty warm.
And organic molecules like warm water.
So, you know, lucky us, right?
Basically anywhere else water is liquid at a certain distance from the Sun Potentially with enough energy being fed into the system.
I guess we could have dinosaurs somewhere else then right?
No ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry, but the the rabbit hole is very very deep There's a reason why dinosaurs are kids toys Richard Dawkins, thank you very much
What time is it?
Game time!
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where intramuscular injection is dumb, RNA cannot pandemic, transfection is a crime, and autism is a myth.
GigaOM Biological is part of a larger movement on the Internet known as the Independent Bright Web.
Seek them out where you can find them.
Get off of social media because we're not there.
And if we are there, I'm there in a very sarcastic way.
So don't expect me to be a gentleman on social media.
This is about finding a way out.
And the way out is getting off of social media.
We do have three websites, gigaohmbiological.com, stream.gigaohm.bio, where the stream is found.
And gigaom.bio, a soapbox, a lot like Truth Social or Blue Sky, but it's our own little thing and you can go there and follow other people just like you can on any other Mastodon-based server as well, so don't be shy, because if you don't know why the cheese is free on social media, you're probably trapped.
And this is the place where you can find the biology that everybody ignores.
It's just one big cast.
Once you see it that way, it's actually not that scary anymore.
What you need to realize, though, is that not everybody needs to understand the script.
even understand that the script is there, but they just need to have enough people in place that trust and will stick to the script that everybody else on stage will follow it, because that's what actors do.
That's what, you know, people that are working together on a news program in a discussion will also do.
I'm very serious when I say that I want to make America real again because I think that's our only way out.
Making America real again
is telling the truth about autism spectrum disorder and arguing about it effectively.
And that means that we call it what it is, a myth, and we use words to describe what that myth allows.
It actually prevents people from questioning intramuscular injection in particular.
It prevents people from questioning RNA virology in particular.
And it prevents people from questioning public health in general.
And that's really a problem.
And they have amplified this with pandemics and gain of function.
These myths also serve the same purpose to prevent people from arguing about the right things, asking the right questions.
And so here we are.
Give me some music, for goodness sakes.
Here we are, and yes, the truth will set you free, but you gotta find it, you gotta learn it.
It takes work.
Anything worth having, anything worth learning takes work, okay?
You're not gonna get a good jump shot by showing up at the gym a few days a week, and then once it looks okay, you stop.
You're not gonna get a handle on this multi-decade military operation unless you do the work.
And that means regularly working to show your children the truth.
If they watch TV or social media, you better not be letting them do it alone, because the cheese is free there for a reason.
It is a military weapon.
That's the truth you need to show your kids.
It's not a very good truth, but once you tell it to them a few times, they will accept it.
they will accept it because it is the truth, and they will start to see it.
Especially if you point it out while they're watching their favorite TikTok video, or their favorite TikTok influencer, and show them how to stay focused on the biology, not take the bait on social media to love your neighbor, then maybe social media for them can be useful if they're only talking to their friends.
But then in that case, they need a soapbox.
In that case, they need a peer tube to share videos on.
In that case, they need a forum that you host and they host on their own server.
Totally easy.
As long as you stay focused.
But RFK is a scripted actor and behind him are a number of other scripted actors and I know because I've interacted with all of them, they've all tried to play me.
over the last six years, and I got so far as to getting into... Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
I got so far as to get into RFK's book as an expert, and now I consider the book slander in a way.
I'm ashamed that I'm in that book.
I was fooled because I thought he was a real guy, and I thought I was helping a real guy.
It turns out I wasn't.
I was helping a scripted actor, and that's why he doesn't talk to me anymore.
That's why they have this very inconvenient problem of me being listed in that book but not talking about them nicely anymore.
That's because they are engaged in fifth generation warfare.
That's why there actually is a Children's Health Defense Fund that can be confused with Children's Health Defense.
That's why there is an American Academy of Pediatrics.
That's why there is an American College of Physicians.
That's why there is a heart and a brownstone
and a Federation of American Scientists and American Humanist Association.
All of these are part of the 5th Generation Warfare that's being deployed on us.
You want to get off of it?
Download PeerTube.
There you can find my videos and Mark's.
You won't have to log in.
It won't take any data.
It will play flawlessly.
And you will not be served up Russell Brand in your next video.
You will not be interrupted by an Ivermectin advertisement.
You will just get the content that we are making and providing.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GeekOwned Biological.
Biology is the way.
I have quite a long introduction here.
Maybe I should just skip it.
Or, I think we're going to cut one of these videos out anyway.
It's been a long, long time since we have been working on this.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GeekOwn Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by Biologist.
We are here seeking the truth together.
truth together about the pandemic means the truth of the Human Genome Project.
It means the truth about a lot of things that are all tied up in this illusion.
I know that this illusion spans for much more than the last six years, but the last six years is still fully available on the internet and you can explore the track record of anybody that you think is a hero.
And chances are pretty good if you're on the red team,
The heroes that you have been following are scripted frauds.
And that's a problem.
Because you might have seen through Alex Jones or Laura Loomer, or you might have even seen through, I don't know, Latipo in Florida.
Or even Robert Malone never really tickled your fancy as somebody that you believed.
It doesn't mean that you didn't believe in a lot of other people, and it doesn't mean that you didn't ultimately vote for Trump.
And that's the problem because the illusion is that this is a evenly divided country where half the country is fighting for Trump and believes that there's an elite pedophile network, but it doesn't include Trump.
They believe that COVID was real because lots of people died from it.
And they believe that the vaccines work, but have also injured some people because maybe there's a DNA contamination.
And so both sides are kind of right, but not really.
And that's why the red team is so fired up.
supporting Trump and RFK.
And the blue team, of course, thinks that this is just Mother Nature, and it could be a lab virus that was originally from Mother Nature, but that doesn't matter.
They were doing the necessary work to protect us from this imminent threat that was always there, and includes bioweapons.
But Trump is the culmination of everything wrong in the world.
And somehow or another, despite our best efforts, this criminal liar and rapist got elected twice in two non-consecutive terms.
And despite our best efforts, he's now in charge and driving the bus.
So Trump is also an elite pedophile and part of this network that's kind of controlled, but not really because they're mostly on the red team, I guess.
And COVID was real and the vaccine, of course, vaccines work.
This is a trap, ladies and gentlemen.
These two teams are a trap.
These two teams believe in the same biology.
They believe that because we found DNA a long time ago, that evolution is real and therefore it's only a matter of time and pressure.
that we discover the laws of physics and chemistry that ultimately govern our lives and are responsible for our existence.
You know, the sun and the earth and that little thing down there that's spinning.
It's just like, you know, a planet goes around a planet or goes around a star long enough at a consistent distance.
And, you know, billions of years later, there's technology in Swiss watches.
That's the idea.
And I don't think it's that much different than, you know, sitting at a tropical beach and waiting for a Lego train to show up.
It's just as absurd.
Even when there are Lego trains on the planet already, expecting them to show up, eventually sort themselves out on a beach just because, you know, that's the way the world works, it would be ridiculous.
But I think it's a lot more likely than the current laws of physics and chemistry, and I guess consistent sunlight on a rock, a wet rock, is enough to explain our existence.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous.
And I say that as a lifelong biologist.
I just think we have overextended this and used this as an excuse to manage population pyramids, to govern with murder, to govern with lies,
to govern with unbridled immigration, to govern with social media, to govern with confusion, to govern with fear, ultimately to take over the evolution of the species, or at least try, because it's a moral goal, depending on your morals, depending on your time horizon, depending on what your ultimate goal is, and whether or not you think that all people should, it's all there.
It's the Human Genome Project, ladies and gentlemen.
It is the ultimate goal of taking over the evolution of the species.
And some people just aren't smart enough to participate in that movement.
Some people just need to be told what to see.
And other people won't even be able to see it when they're told.
So these people who have absolute conviction
that evolution is real because we discovered DNA.
These people are responsible for where we are now.
These people are working together to make this
this humanity move in the direction of transhumanism and of godlessness and of lack of anything sacred and certainly inverting our time frame so that our time horizon so that we never make plans with our kids about what kind of world we want to build for our grandkids.
We don't want to plan that way.
They plan that way, but we because of social media are planning exactly the opposite.
It's just thinking about the Amazon delivery
time window, and that's it.
Are you prime or not?
You know, five days or one day.
And so it's been murder and lies for a while now, but not depopulation.
That's already built into the system.
It's just kind of cleaning up the pyramid.
It's about the grandchildren of Earth, yes, but it's about enslaving them.
It's about them willingly submitting to slavery.
That's why Israel and Gaza is so ridiculous and that's why all the people that we are told we're supposed to respect are gay or are trans or are just dumb like Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk and Peter Thiel are just kind of dumb on camera, you know?
And then they have like Alex Karp posing with the Prime Minister of the UK about digital ID and stuff like that.
It's just, it's all a big theater and it's gonna go in the direction that they want it to go until we all stop watching the theater.
If you're on social media telling everybody to stay off of and not get a digital ID, you're not helping.
You can tweet all day long about, I will not comply and do not get a digital ID.
That message is just saying the digital ID is coming.
It's just an announcement inverted.
And since they plan to bring out digital ID and use it to enforce the internet, then the only way to make digital ID irrelevant is to get off the internet.
There will always be other ways, paper and whatever, to apply and to file and whatever.
That's always going to be the case.
God, it's going to be a pain in the ass, but it's always going to be the case.
But it is the use of social media that will ultimately allow them to attempt to coerce the population into accepting it.
If they have to, they'll tell us a bunch of stories about kids that committed suicide because of the anonymous harassment on the internet.
And so we've got to at least have everybody have an ID to be on the internet and on social media to make social media safe and everybody accountable.
It's one of the narratives that will work, whatever narrative works, but the only one that breaks that, the only one that breaks it completely is if we just get off the internet, not the internet necessarily, but get off social media and make our own platforms using very simple open source platform, you know, code bases like Soapbox, like PeerTube, and then just start building.
That's it.
Server by server, instance by instance, mirror by mirror.
Instead of putting our time into the profile page on X and the profile page on Instagram and the profile page on Facebook and trying to update those regularly, just build your own fricking website.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s and I've got all kinds of books that show it.
Transfection of healthy humans is a crime.
It's actually an old technology that any academic biologist worth their weight in is
should have definitely done known better and said and spoke out at the beginning of the pandemic and a failure to do so is essentially a failure to have principles or to be the biologist they claim to be at the start of the pandemic.
RNA cannot pandemic is also something that at least one other academic biologist should have gotten to by now and the only reason why they haven't is because social media is very effective at
at doing what it does and the vast majority of people do not see on their own.
The vast majority of people only see what they are shown.
And so what has been accomplished over the last years is the identification of people who can see on their own.
Like Mark, like myself, like maybe Joe Marshall, like maybe Dan Cohen, I don't know.
But it's identified all the people who are easily moved versus more difficult to move.
Easily coerced or harder to coerce.
Easier to bamboozle, harder to bamboozle.
And I would suggest to you that I'm one of the few people that's made it all the way to Camp 5 and is about to summit.
Because every time three or four of these people started texting my wife and coming to my house, I saw through their lies.
And I got all the way to Robert Malone and Jay Bhattacharya and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I mean, the list is long.
Many of them are multi-millionaires, and they all were recruited to help distract me and my family from the truth, which is right here on this screen.
And now I can bring it to you over the next few weeks in a lovely biological course
that will essentially bring anyone that wants to to an understanding of how this happened, what the shortcomings are of this central dogma, and why any high school teacher that wanted to could teach this irreducible complexity and the central dogma at the same time while honestly depicting the limits of the central dogma and the failure of the Manhattan Project's physicists to crack the code
and how the code still hasn't really been cracked, and what the impetus would be for lying about cracking the code.
What is necessary to crack the code, given what we know about cracking chess or cracking Go, the game, for example, could also be part of this curriculum that high school teachers could teach their kids to understand this irreducible complexity and how we might attempt to make progress in understanding more of it, not solving it.
But pushing back the veil a little bit more for the benefit of all mankind is still, obviously, a very noble pursuit.
But it is the religious-like fervor that we will soon know it all that is currently, in my mind, the most dangerous force on Earth.
And that is really what Dawkins represented to me in that video, is an uncertainty
A certainty that belongs on the set of Star Trek, not on Earth.
A certainty that belongs on a sitcom, but not on Earth as a professor.
We should be able to see that.
We should be able to see past it, but they're not real people.
That's why he also, in his wise biology, didn't tell you that they saw this coming in the population pyramid already back in the 90s, and that a little bit of murder and lies here, a little bit of manslaughter and lies, a little bit of, you know, mistreated pneumonia is all that would really be needed in order to manage that population pyramid blip enough to be able to cry to the other countries on earth using social media to show that something terrible was happening in America, and therefore, it's real.
I think it's really vital that we take stock in what happens with regard to timeframes.
And so we are really here.
2013 is where Joe Rogan was on the Sci-Fi Channel telling us all about pandemics.
This is also the year when Brian Hooker still wouldn't use the word autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
His son was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged by multiple injections during inflammation.
And so then we transitioned to around 2015 and Brian Hooker's song changes.
Now his son has autism and it was caused by vaccines.
And then we have him in this movie partly produced by Pauly Tommy.
It said, so they're movie makers.
They make money from movies.
She was an actor.
She was on 90 billboards bringing awareness to autism and swinging 6 million votes in the UK before she came to America to do the same thing on a longer timescale using Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
as a potential presidential candidate back then.
ICANN gets involved.
ICANN again posing with photographs and on the cover of magazines with Dell and with Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy.
So Polly Tommy being a part of Children's Health Defense now is a further admission that this is all one malevolent show.
Maybe Children's Health Defense and ICANN and everything, this is all just a buildup with a long-term vision about what was to come.
a crisis moment when the anti-vax, anti-public health, skeptical movement would need to be militarily controlled.
And that's why these people were put in place, these organizations were created or renamed, and the people that are there are there, and took the stances that they took in 2020, including Brian Hooker.
who explained to everybody what antibodies were, and explained to everybody what viruses are, and told everybody that he's got 16 years of biological experience working for labs and, you know, being an anti-vax, and so you can trust me.
I just want to build a big top tent of health freedom.
I don't want mandates.
Oh yeah, and in 2020, Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark died.
So this timeline is pretty extraordinary.
You can tell if someone's lying.
I know that these people are lying because I tried my best to work with them.
I tried my best to help them.
I tried my best to teach them what I knew or found out.
And all of these people, he's now NIH director.
and he had an infectious clone lecture from me a couple times over taco and beer.
These people are friends from decades ago on the man show where they used to watch women jump around on trampolines.
These people go back decades and they were all recruited, all part of this to hide the murder and lies and to transition from a governance by lies and myths, newspapers and magazines and on TV talk shows to transitioning to podcasts, which would be again, deployed across the internet to isolate people.
to categorize people, to fractionate a movement that would ultimately come together under Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and Mary Holland, and Brian Hooker, and Suzanne Humphreys.
Like, it's absurd that those are the people that are on Joe Rogan, along with Donald Trump,
and J.D.
Vance, and Tulsi Gabbard, and Elon Musk, and Ian Carroll.
It can only be explained by a military operation because Joe Rogan, as entertaining as his idiocy is, is not worth $250 million to Spotify.
There's no fricking way.
Don't forget, it was $200 million, like right before the pandemic.
And then in 2024, he renewed it for 250 million more.
It's impossible.
They don't have to pay him that.
Where is he gonna go if he doesn't go to Spotify?
YouTube?
Is he gonna go to Rumble and get more money?
That's just stupid.
Until you see it's fake.
Until you see it's just part of the show.
Where a kind of level of success is thrown in your face that's absolutely positively impossible for anyone else.
Creating, interviewing, you know, editing on the internet could never get there.
Not in a billion years.
But Joe Rogan got there between 2013 and 2019.
I guess because he's just such a badass.
We've fallen for it, ladies and gentlemen.
That's why PBS NewsHour promotes substacks and podcasts and everybody is in.
Everybody is in because it's the same theater.
So let's look at the timeline, go back in time.
I'll warn you right now I'm gonna have to cut it short and we'll pick it up again tomorrow or tonight and finish this one way or another.
What a cute little baby.
This is 2015, and we are showing a C-section mom, as far as I can tell, because Fearla has delivered three babies in my presence, and at least once she had an epidural.
And although the epidural does help, I think there's no question that this lady is feeling nothing, because you don't have that face with an epidural, I assure you.
At least Fearla didn't.
A new life begins.
Out of her mother's womb, Rachel Murphy is now surrounded by a new world filled with countless germs.
Modern medicine will do what it can to protect her.
First and foremost, I would hope her breastfeeding mom will do all that she can to protect her.
It's weird.
And her mom's immune system, you know, that's the already starting terrible with a C-section and the scary world that wants to kill the baby.
Just a tiny little stick.
Barely an hour old, Rachel gets her first shot against hepatitis B.
Those mother suckers in Pittsburgh put that in two shots and Freddie, like, as they caught her.
It was frickin' gross.
This is the first of up to 35 inoculations she will get in the next six years of her life to fight 14 diseases.
Public health doctors celebrate vaccines as one of medicine's shining achievements.
They've increased our lifespan by 30 years.
Hib would cause 20,000 to 25,000 cases a year.
Gone.
Hib was one of the worst vaccines ever.
The Hib titer vaccine, which was pulled from the market, was essentially a small Hib haemophilus B antigen
conjugated to the diphtheria toxin.
I shit you not.
You can look that up.
I mean, polio would paralyze, you know, tens of thousands of children every year.
Gone.
I mean, diphtheria was the most common killer of teenagers in the 1920s.
I mean, you know, the vaccines, the benefit of vaccines is clear.
Well, there's now 16 diseases that are preventable by vaccination for children.
14 of those are diseases that we vaccinate infants and young children for, and two of them are diseases that we vaccinate adolescents.
From my point of view, being able to prevent 16 diseases by vaccination is a really good thing.
But not everyone agrees.
Across America, the CDC has discovered certain communities where parents are hesitating to vaccinate their children.
One is Ashland, Oregon.
This is our neighborhood.
We love it because we can walk everywhere.
Ashland is a very safe town compared to almost every place else in America.
It's a college town, the home of an... That's just so dark.
It's 2015.
Like, everywhere else in America isn't safe except for my town?
Like, that is so dumb.
Wow.
Shakespeare Festival, where a well-off, educated population has easy access to alternative medicines, an organic food co-op, and yoga centers.
Go get him!
Jennifer Margulis.
A food co-op and yoga centers, along with acoustic guitar in the background all the time.
Writer with a PhD in English literature, is the mother of four children.
When my daughter was born in 1999, the nurse bustled in with her tray and said, okay, it's time for your hepatitis B vaccine.
And I looked at my daughter and I looked at the nurse and I said, isn't hepatitis B a sexually transmitted disease?
And I said, why am I supposed to vaccinate my newborn baby against a sexually transmitted disease?
And the nurse got really mad.
Margulis went on to research and write about vaccines, and in 2009 published a long article about the vaccine debate in Mothering Magazine, a magazine promoting a natural lifestyle.
Why are we giving children so many vaccines?
They get four times the number of vaccines than I got when I was a child growing up in the 70s.
As a parent, I would rather see my child
get a natural illness and contract that the way that illnesses have been contracted for at least 200,000 years that Homo sapiens have been around, I'm not afraid of my children getting chickenpox.
There are reasons that children get sick.
Getting sick is not a bad thing.
In common with many other Ashland parents, Margulis decided not to fully vaccinate her other children.
Ashland has one of the lowest vaccination rates in the country.
An estimated 28% of its children lack some or all of their recommended vaccines.
So shouldn't there be like a serious death rate here?
Shouldn't there be a serious... Because remember, this is a crucial point, okay?
This is crucial.
Remember that we are now told in 2025 that vaccines never stopped spread.
We were told in 2019 by James Lyons Weiler that all vaccines don't stop spread, that actually in vaccinated populations, the same virus that you're vaccinated against is transmitting asymptomatically between these people who are vaccinated because they just don't get sick.
Like that's what we're told how vaccines actually work now in 2025.
They don't prevent.
They don't make things go away.
The smallpox vaccine made things go away, but the polio vaccine can't.
The measles vaccine can't.
None of these vaccines can make things go away anymore because you're actually an asymptomatic carrier when you're vaccinated.
That's not unusual.
You see, this is 2015.
We will not hear that in this video at all.
So we're going to need today the DTAP number five, your final polio.
Pediatrician Dr. Donna Bradshaw-Walters worries that these parents... The fifth DTAP shot.
Think about that.
What kind of...
antigen needs five exposures.
Like that's a remarkable thing.
Parents may unwittingly bring back diseases that haven't been seen for decades.
They might bring back those diseases, but how would they do it unless they're always there?
And if they're always there, then maybe the vaccines are protective somehow.
You see, we've got to be, we've got to be open to the possibility that something is happening.
We've got to be open enough to consider all the possibilities, even if we're going to come to the conclusion that it ain't.
You got to at least have your mind open to it.
This is February of 2015.
Just listen to what they say and don't say in 2015.
Because the trap is still being created and made and honed and constructed at this time.
The possibility of an outbreak is real.
here in Ashland.
We are not living in a bubble, especially in this day and age of international travel.
Our Shakespeare Festival draws people from all over the world and it's just a matter of time before someone comes to here from another area who is unimmunized and who has the disease and brings that disease into our community.
There are many pro-vaccine parents in Ashland who agree, like Lori Anderson, whose adopted son Evan is fully vaccinated.
It's an outbreak waiting to happen.
And so I don't just care about my own child.
My child may be well protected because of his vaccination, but I hate to see people get hurt, injured, die, have to be quarantined, isolated.
Of course, her child is an adopted black kid.
Like, seriously?
because of an outbreak that is preventable with a vaccine.
All they have to do is sign an exemption and their kid is exempt from immunization before they go to school.
I would try not to be angry.
I hope it doesn't get contentious.
It will, though.
It will get contentious if there's an outbreak.
if vaccinated children start to get breakthrough disease because of the high rate of unvaccinated children.
So the vaccinated kids could also get sick because the unvaccinated kids are so selfish, you see?
It's exactly the same bullshit narrative.
The vaccine only protects people if everybody takes it.
If people don't take it, then essentially it doesn't work anymore.
Do you see?
So what do the changes inside of vaccinated people's bodies mean?
Other than, I guess, a statistical decrease across the whole population.
It's ridiculous.
It probably will get ugly.
The CDC tracks outbreaks of infectious diseases around the country from its center in Atlanta.
In 2008, for example, there were numerous small pockets of infection.
One involving measles erupted in an under-vaccinated area of San Diego.
Like most measles outbreaks, it came from abroad.
Maybe Brandy Vaughn brought it with her when she moved back to California.
Holy shit.
Infected seven-year-old returned from a family vacation in Switzerland on January 15th.
The child gave measles to two siblings.
So he got measles in Switzerland because Switzerland doesn't vaccinate?
What the f... So dumb.
And collectively, they infected classmates at the San Diego Cooperative Charter School in Linda Vista.
A visit to the Children's Clinic of La Jolla spread the infection to four others.
One of these, an infant, flew on a plane to Hawaii, where she was intercepted and quarantined.
Her fellow 250 passengers had to be contacted and tracked.
Dr. Wilma Wooten is San Diego County's public health officer.
This entire process resulted in exposures of almost 1,000 individuals, 90 with no proof of immunization, 73 were quarantined, 12... Wooten!
Yeah, baby!
I don't feel like I gotta do something about that.
I mean, seriously, like, Wooten, nice name.
I love it.
That is a nice, nice name.
I didn't get it quick enough.
I wanted to play a Victor Wooten clip there, but I didn't get it there.
Victor Wooten is maybe the best bass player to ever walk on planet Earth.
Additional actual cases of measles in San Diego.
Public health officials determined that what allowed measles to enter the community was the number of vaccine-hesitant parents who took advantage of the personal belief exemption allowed by California.
school principals find themselves caught on the front lines.
The fact is that some families choose not to immunize their children and then there are families who have children who are particularly medically sensitive and they're in jeopardy because they could get sick from unimmunized children.
So it's a very emotional issue on both sides.
It is the exact same narrative for more than two decades now.
That's how you can see that it's bullshit.
Infrastructure is committed to preventing such outbreaks.
The National Institutes of Health, the Food and Drug Administration, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, large vaccine manufacturers.
The mainstream medical establishment speaks with one voice.
Vaccines are a public health miracle far too valuable to put at risk.
A public health miracle.
I mean, talk about going all in on this shit.
That's amazing.
Emilio Amini has spent his life making vaccines in America's pharmaceutical companies.
He heads Pfizer's vaccine operation.
People haven't seen these diseases in a while.
So people become complacent, they don't vaccinate, and what they wind up doing is putting their children and themselves in considerable risk of a severe disease and infection.
Polio, even though people aren't worried about it because they haven't seen much of it, it's still present in many parts of the world.
And it can easily be introduced into a non-vaccinated population.
And from what we've seen in other parts of the world, once it's introduced, it will spread very rapidly and cause a lot of disease.
The fear, my friends, is polio.
But soon, perhaps within a year, there may be a vaccine.
Thanks for visiting with us.
Hey, kids, how about saying goodbye, huh?
Wow, they used Hollywood all the way back then.
Isn't that funny?
Say bye-bye.
When I was a child and the big scare was polio, where you would see your friends playing ball outside with you, baseball and basketball, and all of a sudden get sick and be in bed, be in an iron lung, and then come out with a
deformity, a serious limp or a serious physical disability, that is absolutely frozen in your mind as a very scary scenario.
I think we're compelled by our own fears.
And certainly my parents, who grew up in the 1920s and 30s and 40s, saw these infections.
They saw what they could do.
For them, vaccines was an easy sell.
Paul Offit is a pediatrician and co-inventor of a vaccine against rotavirus, a pathogen that causes serious fever, vomiting, and diarrhea.
I grew up in the 1950s and 60s.
I saw measles.
I had measles.
I had mumps.
I had German measles.
I mean, I knew what those diseases could do.
I watched my friends also be sickened by those diseases.
And so for me, vaccines was an easy sell.
I think for people now, young mothers today not only don't see these diseases, they didn't even grow up with these diseases.
So for them, vaccination becomes a matter of faith.
But the faith of some parents has eroded.
Offit, for example, is seen in some quarters not as a hero for inventing a successful vaccine, but as a self-interested entrepreneur whom skeptics call Dr. Profit.
They all have this guy, Paul Offit.
You guys know him?
And he is the poster child for the term biostitute.
Does not disclose
For such critics, the fact that vaccines have made Offit rich is enough to discount what he is saying.
But Offit, a prolific author, makes no apologies.
I'm the co-inventor of a rotavirus vaccine, a vaccine that I made in collaboration with Merck, and it's a vaccine which has caused a dramatic decrease in this country in hospitalization and has caused already a dramatic decrease in hospitalization and death in some countries in the developing world.
I'm enormously proud of that.
I would argue that I have an expertise in rotavirus.
Do you also financially benefit from that?
I know this isn't going to sell, but it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter whether I financially benefited or not.
The only thing that mattered is, did the vaccine that we created at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia do what it was claimed to do?
Has it prevented hospitalization and suffering and death?
And the answer to that question is yes.
It's a mistake that we have a vaccine against rotavirus, the vaccine that Paul Offit helped to develop.
In the third world, maybe people are dying of rotavirus.
But in this country, you have to do backflips to show a death toll of people from rotavirus.
Well, one of the bitter ironies of vaccination is it carries with it the problems of its own success.
Author and bioethicist Arthur Kaplan runs a special program at UPenn on the... Bioethicist Arthur Kaplan!
I'm wondering if this is the same bioethicist that Robert Malone claimed was his mentor.
Holy shit.
Mark, we need to figure that out because I never actually heard that guy's name, but he definitely claimed that he had a bioethics advisor or mentor that he talked about the Jesse Gelsinger case with.
Oh boy.
The ethical issues surrounding vaccines.
Many parents are not thinking about the risk side of disease because they don't see those diseases.
They've never seen any child rendered deaf by the mumps.
They've never seen somebody... I just got a real-time thing that we are
downloading more video from our website than we've ever downloaded before.
We've actually reached a cap of sorts and we might have to pay more money to our host server.
So thank you very much for downloading the app and watching our work.
It's really kicking ass and that's okay with me.
I like that a lot.
We have downloaded a lot today.
It's very exciting.
There's a lot of watchers.
Who's had a case of polio.
I had polio.
I was in the hospital paralyzed legs and neck for about a year.
So I know firsthand what the polio epidemic looked like.
I was sort of at the last outbreak before the vaccines really came online and eliminated it.
Vaccine-preventable diseases like polio have become vanishingly rare in the United States.
So rare, in fact, that most younger doctors have never seen a case.
This is one of the few places where you can see what vaccine-preventable diseases look like.
This is a case of pertussis, also known as whooping cough.
The audience is made up of paramedic students.
She can't breathe.
And that's horrifying for any patient of any age to discover that your airway has closed and you can't inhale.
The teacher, Dr. Cynthia Christophany, is a pediatric intensivist who treats children in need of critical care.
She decided several years ago to document the rare cases of vaccine-preventable illness that turned up in her Portland, Oregon, ICU.
She uses the footage to teach other medics how to recognize these diseases.
I'm old enough to have seen most of the serious life-threatening illnesses that are largely suppressed and some almost eradicated by the modern vaccines.
I want to know what the prevalence is at her hospital versus at other hospitals in America because I'm not feeling this.
Something about it is a little sketch.
This baby was a victim of rotavirus.
There's major fluid deficiency in this child's tissues.
Actually kills over half a million humans annually.
Most of them elsewhere on the planet.
The community recollection for these diseases has largely disappeared.
And so the parents of younger kids who are of vaccine age are unlikely to have had any personal experience.
And unless the grandparents or others can tell them what it was like and happen to have had knowledge of somebody who had a severe complication, it's easier to imagine that these diseases eradicated.
Those pox are actually something probably none of you have ever seen.
They're chicken pox.
This patient had one of the common or potentially lethal complications of chicken pox.
He got strep sepsis from an infected lesion.
This child came as close to dying of chicken pox as you can come without doing it.
And so I encourage you to remember that chicken pox also can cause fatalities, even though most people used to think of it as a rite of passage in childhood.
And we all got it.
You can do better than that.
There is a vaccine.
This one's a scary one.
This is Haemophilus influenzae type B meningitis.
And he was actually the last patient I ever saw with this disease.
I can tell you, it was the scourge of pediatrics when I was in training because there was no vaccine.
But beware, it could come back if people stop vaccinating.
Why are we giving children so many vaccines?
There's no more polio in the United States, and there's no more diphtheria in the United States, and no one, no child has contracted wild polio since 1979.
In February of 2015, Brandy Vaughn is just getting started.
Just keep that in mind.
She was not on this show.
She's not in the United States.
So when do we take polio off the vaccine schedule?
When do we say fantastic?
The vaccine worked.
We figured it out.
We don't have a polio epidemic anymore.
Let's stop vaccinating against polio.
As vaccine-preventable diseases have become less visible, some Americans have become more concerned about the risks posed by vaccines than by the diseases they prevent.
Public health officials like NIH's Anthony Fauci have struggled with how to communicate the risks of vaccines without causing undue fear of common side effects such as mild fevers and serious adverse events that are extremely rare.
To say that there is no risk in any vaccine would not be truthful.
What is the risk of injecting something into someone's arm?
The risk is that a certain proportion of people will get swelling and a little bit of pain lasting from an hour to a day.
That is a very acceptable risk.
A very, very, very small percentage of people will get an allergic reaction.
Namely, there's a component of the vaccine that they didn't realize that they were allergic to.
And then there's a subset of a very, very, very, very small percentage of those who actually could get a serious reaction.
But if you look at that, the risk of that is so minuscule.
See, so the idea is, in my humble opinion, that vaccine injury is extremely rare on all sides.
It might be less rare in America than it is in other Western nations because of the frequency with which we engage in intramuscular injection.
But even here, the then and now head of that, you know, the whole thing cannot explain to you that there is a pretty big functional systemic biological difference between injecting cutaneously, swallowing something, inhaling something or injecting intramuscularly or IV.
And those differences have huge consequences in terms of dosage and temporal exposure and the way in which
They interact or not interact with the liver, and when they interact with the liver, when they interact with the kidneys, when they meet the immune system, and in what context.
And these are not subtle things.
These are essential things to how our biology works.
And these people are on a script to avoid ever revealing that.
It is instead a full court press to make everyone believe,
evolution is real because of DNA and that we understand or soon we will understand everything because evolution is real because of DNA I'm gonna leave it right here and come back after basketball and try to do a little bit more and otherwise most certainly okay I'm getting a phone call here I'm just gonna listen to it hello sir so what we know about Emilio Amini is that as a senior scientist at
Merck Corporation.
He was along with, I think, collaborating with David Baltimore in February of 2001, according to a Wall Street Journal article titled Merck Starts Human Trials of Its New AIDS Vaccine.
Oops.
And it's noteworthy that Merck's new experimental vaccine at the time, like other partial protein vaccines,
than the so-called killer T cells.
And it builds on earlier experiment that Merck vaccine that uses a so-called naked DNA.
Nice.
was licensed from Vykal.
So he was at Merck doing a pre-911 HIV vaccine.
Something that would be helpful, by the way, in case the military needs to be protected against anthrax.
I don't know.
And they were using technology from Vykal, which is where both Inder Verma and Robert Malone and the late John Wolf had their patents from.
Hey, thanks for calling in, fella.
I don't know who you are, but you seem to be a pretty smart guy.
You should look up Mark Kulak on the internet.
He's pretty smart, too.
You sound a lot like him.
Kulak?
That sounds like a Polish dude.
Yeah.
I wouldn't trust him.
Bye.
Later.
All right, guys.
I'll see you in a few minutes.
I've got to eat my sandwich and get out of here.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll see you again soon, right?
I'll be back.
I'll most likely be back after basketball.